Objective 
Driven computer science student with a curiosity and passion for learning, looking for opportunities to gain more technical 
skills and expand knowledge. 
Skills 
 Proficient in C#, Java, and C++ 
 Familiar with Git and its functions 
 Experienced in Unity 2D and 3D, including online multiplayer 
 Experience in publishing apps on the iOS App Store 
 Quick to adapt, with several years of experience. Picking up new programming languages comes easily as the only 
new learning required is syntax 
Education 
Sept 2024 to Present 
Pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science 
Oregon State University  
Sept 2020 to June 2024 High School Diploma, Cedarcrest High School 
4.0 GPA, Valedictorian 
Employment History 
April 2021 to Present 
Nutron Labs  
Co-Founder  
In my time at Nutron Labs, I was the sole developer in the publishing and development 5 apps 
on the iOS App Store. These products, all developed in Unity, required a different set of skills to 
develop each and amassed over 400 downloads among all of them. 
 “Ball Sorting In Tubes” – This is a 2D puzzle game that includes advertising to generate 
revenue. The goal of this product was to familiarize myself with the iOS App Store and 
create a monetized game. 
 “Tank Battles – Online” – This is a 3D shooter that includes multiplayer using 
implementation of Photon and Playfab. The goal was to create a multiplayer game that 
would help me learn about clients and how games work client-side. Users can create a 
party, add and invite friends, and choose from a variety of players and game modes 
before starting in a randomly generated map. 
 “Inbetween Worlds” and “Chicken Daydreams” – Both of these games are 2D infinite 
runners created in a pixel art style and are each monetized using advertisements. 
These games were originally from Game Jam Competitions that I competed in and then 
further developed into full games and published on the App Store. 
 “Everything Calendar” – This is a calendar app created to keep track of everyday life. 
The goal was to simply put all the apps that I currently use into one so I wouldn’t have 
to jump around between different apps. It tracks goals, tasks, to-dos, homework, etc. 
while using technical systems to keep track of all the information about the user. 
June 2020 – Sep 2021 GSR Rentals  
Shop Staff 
My job was to go to job sites and work with clients and complete jobs. This involved unloading 
and loading orders into cars and trucks, setting up large canopies using heavy machinery, and 
cleaning the shop during downtime. Any task I did required a lot of physical labor.